hello here the patrician of the frontiers and
today came to show that a different video
for you it 's a tutorial on how to do
ghost attack using the device
android
first that is a shortcut ghost
well the ghost attack it is a simulator
attacks in which you can simulate the
attack
in the case of a new battle of war or
then a revenge ie you go
to be able to make an attack that is no longer worth
that you will be able to know what the
enemy troops and what is the best
strategy to be used to
get 100% in this case you go
to be able to do as many times as you want
can use all the strategies you
imagine from all sides you can
to repeatedly attack the same village
and will not tell you how to do it
then these ghost attacks
first of all, this part here
maybe not do not go if possible all
do you need to deal with 3g
disconnected from either the watch or the tablet
only wifi has to be connected from these
devices and second you will be
What are you doing at home?
probably because you're going to need it
of a separate modem and router
How will I introduce you to them?
here these instruments
This is the modem, I know you need it.
so you need to have a router
this is our router that the
router in mexico continuous router
working normal what we're going to do
will be what at the time of the attack
At the time of the attack, we're going.
simply starting the attack but being
off the network cable that is this
gray here this network cable it will be
It's hard when it's time.
who started the attack before putting the
troops
We are going to show here through the village.
my husband the
this poor and neighbor village that is
money or always cry when I look
the brother's village because it's very few
resources that it always has
poor girl
It makes you sad when you see
only 8 million gold 6 million
invest 66 the dark is a situation
so it causes a lot of sadness even
not notice in the village almost all
maximum for growing well almost to be seen
almost inconceivable and 10 is not lacking
in those muraki rosinha even more do the
that he is prioritizing the defenses
then having these instruments what we
Let's pretend we're going to simulate an attack.
of vengeance and you will see how
Does this simulator work?
Okay, so I'm going to spend the tablet here.
to the ego or to start doing the
revenge attack I'll try to shoot
here more or less how he can
can you go and get one?
revenge to make it take that it is
Someone's gonna have to break the shield.
Let's not stop being hard bread, let's go
see if we can find a village here
to be able to make the attack because well tac
village
so what you need will have to
disconnected and started the attack or not
with the troops still hung up the cable
careful can not put the troops
initiate the attack itself without
disconnect the network cable
disconnects if the network cable is
start the attack
the attack léo
we just gotta play here and
show you're playing all the
own it he troop 2 the attack does not
if known
the network cable but if you disconnect wifi will
interrupting this is the big problem of
android is the one that interrupts when
enters airplane mode but when
disconnects a network cable from the
direct from monday until that information
reach the router is not the system that
android in the process
so the game it ends up doing it goes
defeat render that looks at the troop that he
used
now it will switch back on again.
cable that will lock the game can see no
return
it will have to connect the network cable and
put a network cable and put the cable
network
coming back you will have to collect what is the
game and we will see surprise surprise
surprise surprise where the troops go
show the NATO troops are all
the information of the troops
troops all troops were not made
no attack
or that is our ghost attack there
I hope you enjoy it, enjoy it
while the super sky does not discover this
Our art, this new mother this morning.
and has some success in wars and
lives
ok a big hug to you and even more